Cloud common - describe Public cloud closes #189 (#466)
bob-crutchley/courseware: topics/cloud/modules/public-cloud/README.md

# Public cloud

<!--TOC_START-->
## Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
	- [Security](#security)
	- [Pros](#pros)
	- [Cons](#cons)
	- [Best for](#best-for)
- [Tasks](#tasks)

<!--TOC_END-->
## Overview

> **Public cloud** is defined as computing services available to *anyone* that want's to purchase or use them *over the internet* provided by a third party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **Public Cloud** is defined as computing services available to *anyone* that wants to purchase or use them *over the internet* provided by a third party.
```

> The way of being charged may vary depending on what resources are being used, some resources may be free, others may charge by CPU cycles, storage or bandwidth. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way you are charged may vary depending on what resources are being used - some resources may be free, while others may charge by CPU cycles, storage or bandwidth. 
```

> Different from *Private cloud* and *Public cloud* is that the later may save companies money as there is no upfront capital expenditure for things like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main difference between a *Private Cloud* and a *Public Cloud* is that the latter may save companies money, as there is no upfront capital expenditure for things like:
```

- premises
- hardware
- software
- maintenance

![public cloud](https://imgur.com/DoIxprd.jpg)

### Security

> Even though security concerns have been raised about *Public cloud*, as long as security measures are implemented correctly the security will be as good as it would be in *Private cloud*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Public Clouds* have come under scrutiny regarding their security measures.

However, provided that security measures are implemented correctly, usually *Public Cloud* security is just as effective as it would be within a *Private Cloud*.
```

Intrusion detection and prevention systems can be implemented and effective as long as they're done correctly.

> ### Pros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advantages
```

> The biggest pros of it are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The biggest advantages of using a *Public Cloud* are:
```

- no up-front capital expenditure
- no maintenance required
- highly reliable
- easily scalable

> ### Cons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disadvantages
```

> The cons are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, *Public Clouds* also have some disadvantages:
```

- less customizable
- potential latency
- potential governance issues

### Best for

> The best use cases for *Public cloud* are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best use cases for a *Public Cloud* are:
```

> - transitioning to the cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- transitioning to the Cloud
```

- new applications or systems
- standard workload
- systems that don't need much customization

## Tasks

Try answering the following questions:

<details>

> <summary><b>To whom are the <i>Public cloud</i> services available?</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>To whom are <i>Public Cloud</i> services available?</b></summary>
```

As the name suggests, the service is available to everyone

</details>

<details>

> <summary><b>Try to list two Pros and two cons about <i>Public cloud</i></b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary><b>Try to list two advantages and two disadvantages of using a <i>Public Cloud</i></b></summary>
```

> Check if you got any of the following Pros:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your answers against this list of Advantages:
```

- no up-front capital expenditure
- no maintenance required
- highly reliable
- easily scalable

> Check if you got any of the following Cons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your answers against this list of Disadvantages:
```

The way you are charged may vary depending on what resources are being used - some resources may be free, while others may charge by CPU cycles, storage or bandwidth. 

The main difference between a *Private Cloud* and a *Public Cloud* is that the latter may save companies money, as there is no upfront capital expenditure for things like:
- premises
- hardware
- software
- maintenance

![public cloud](https://imgur.com/DoIxprd.jpg)

### Security

*Public Clouds* have come under scrutiny regarding their security measures.

However, provided that security measures are implemented correctly, usually *Public Cloud* security is just as effective as it would be within a *Private Cloud*.

Intrusion detection and prevention systems can be implemented and effective as long as they're done correctly.

### Advantages

The biggest advantages of using a *Public Cloud* are:
- no up-front capital expenditure
- no maintenance required
- highly reliable
- easily scalable

### Disadvantages

However, *Public Clouds* also have some disadvantages:
- less customizable
- potential latency
- potential governance issues

> ### Best for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Business Case
```

Reviewer: Sorry, I missed this one from before
